1 good that time ensures welcome at times dusty place
that fly good for friends
but here there is not much reform geothermal activity besides much
future in the air to Spanish is like living in a fart of afternoon has not been done
we go
but everything is in the middle of a volcanic plateau
for thousands of years the volcanic activity formed and reformed the country
tomorrow opens because here is the best fishing in the country
after
the common trout and rainbow trout cartridges let's reflect with the
that I'm very familiar with the biggest I've borrowed in england
They weigh two kilos here their weight can exceed 5 kilos everything is bigger
from new zealand no good morning goes up
the staircase vote aguera please I want to get ahead and press the accelerator
I like this more
I'm going to meet you in the pits to take me to eat in the penguin style
voser welcome saún
also the day of St. Ignatius
this lake was formed as a result of volcanic activity when lava
created a natural dam
and is full of stars
alan and how much it makes the viewer gives about 18 years ago two years ago amelia
years protection so now I enjoy Marseille affirmed
it's every day in parallel the truth is not a bad place to
discard other
let's go fishing with mustard
so for once it is created
of the mppc this defensive form may not seem very extreme
German blach but I still princely a beautiful trout or a decent size
no reaction yes it will be distributed giusti ex pre
those of square fight was the first pc of this one
weighed 2 kilos fly fishing
nacho and that's how I got hooked on this
I tried it and I loved it
the feeling a peace process
never
and there we go again
obama is more focused on the market
it may be my first experience in new zealand
for this reason 12 and 14 times and fish Inca the feeling of having a
dog across the street holy see
and the sentence comes to tell co it would be better to pick up the fast sedan said
that there have been voices look
jaime i
I think it's not even Tunisia's biggest rainbow
there is but it is my first prisoner that the company
pic ap I'm in the boxer mixed sky why is this is the final ladies and
gentlemen
that's why I'm sure that we thought we are at levels of development launched
my house albacore we are going to fry
josue what to expect and you'll see what we're going to do
you will love it and you will see it ap
in him he refused there is a lot of difference of flavor between a trout of
franz fish farm
there was a wild
we are going to cook it in the sand
and that's possible because here the molten stone is very close to the surface
from the earth
warms the earth and the water that is on it which results in
temperatures of more than 100 degrees not much
the water is almost in the assets of group n
I have a little bit of garlic
very well
got like this
it was what made the end
linux two fingers already smells good
rick espaín
move from nvidia
zenawi when she has to be in laredo texas said ofcom 40 minutes
Falcao and Hulk Salazar Lawyer
or like lashes called desire
oaxaca fight to box loaiza
it goes after so much fishing state and soldiers I'm tired a year and
I need a bathroom
occurs for one hundred of the hot water subject
rogelio silva and nothing like a scorched crotch
young out
barbour
to stay in smaller cloths in front of someone called boxer I think what
more suitable
notice the fish is ready
she is ready
it's like doing a test for this record
Naomi
- the best experience I've ever tried
champagne clapton waiter